hi i'm darren ruffle and i'm sex annette
and today we're gonna discuss tea
capresso froth Express which is
basically a milk frother that you could
use for making cappuccinos lattes or
even hot chocolate
so let's machine it's got a stainless
steel thermal block boiler a five ounce
water tank as well as a $30 reservoir
for your milk container let's first
describe what a customer can expect in
the box when they get this machine exact
if you wanna let them know if you fit
when you first get it you're gonna have
the box here you can have your manuals
and then you're gonna have your milk
container which holds 30 ounces you're
gonna have the valve that allows for the
frothing and the steamboat you're gonna
have a cleaning socket which is
important when you want to descale it
unless we had a little bit later and
then you have this extension where if
you didn't want to use this standard 30
ounce milk holder you can use your own
cup if you want a bigger smaller so
that's uh put some milk in here to
assemble this unit of milk in your
container the valve gets slid into this
hole and then from there it's gonna
slide right into here I'm gonna make
sure all that's pushed up and it's tight
and then you're good to go that's that
let's turn the machine on and you'll see
right now the middle light is not
illuminated and when it's ready to brew
it's actually already heated but not
come to you first rather than sitting
for a day this wool will won't be lit
yeah well it's lit it's basically ready
to go pretty easy this is a cop it's
about a little over 4 inches so it's a
nice size stuff that you could fit in
there and I first want to take you
around to this valve here in the front
when evolved is in this position is
injecting the maximum amount of air in
for like a cappuccino if you want a nice
frock no you could tone it down a little
bit by turning it counterclockwise and
that will make more of a hot or steamed
milk you can actually try to all the way
off by keeping it at the total vertical
position so let's first start with a
little steamed milk you want to press
and hold the pod
she does a pretty good job of first
catheterize all the sperm I know because
I've handed up 250°
one hit
right now we have a nice stock speed hot
milk coming out and adjust some more
error that nice crop that you want with
the cappuccino simply turn the knob like
so and you can actually hear the change
in pips and you want to let go of the
now about ten seconds before you want to
stop growing because it'll continue to
do a little bit like so and there we go
all you would do is add your espresso
for an iced cappuccino and you are ready
to go that's all there is to it nothing
is going to show us how to keep the
machine clean on a daily basis as well
as a long-term basis it's important to
keep your machine clean old daily and
long-term for your daily cleans you're
gonna take off the milk container make
sure you wash this with soap and water
replace hot water in it hook it back up
and then just run the cycle through
again then that'll keep all your boats
clean don't keep the spigot clean just
basically frothing water instead of milk
yeah okay then if you're gonna use it
every day you're gonna want to descale
it about once every four months so to do
that you can use a product like clean
cap mix it into your water container
take it off
and then here's the socket that came
with it showed you the beginning just
loosen off of this just unscrews yep
you're gonna need a bigger cut for this
preferably a wider opening and then
you're just gonna have to push this down
you're gonna let it run about 30 to 45
seconds I'm just gonna do it real fast
to show you what's gonna be like they
just basically spent the hot steam oh
it's gonna clean everything out like
there's nothing in there nobody it will
help them loose up any deposits in the
water make sure it stays nice and flush
and doesn't beat and kicked in the
boiler eventually and that's all there
is to it so it's a big machine if you
have any questions feel free to give us
a call we'd be happy to assess